I also heard that the captain himself went to Paris the night before.
Bought a necklace of the ocean heart at auction
Two hundred million.
Who did you say this was for?
It must be for Mrs. Ip.
Who has the heart of the ocean?
Who's the real Ip?
Yeah, this is official.
Some people who want to climb the phoenix dragon fear that it will be very sad.
I heard that the captain of the night plane's white moon has returned to the water.
What is a White Moon?
Hey, stop talking, stop talking, my colleague just arrived.
Hello, I'm the new flight attendant, Baek Shin Yeon.
Hey, look, the necklace around his neck is the heart of the ocean.
Really, ma'am.
It's beautiful.
Moreover, he also brought the necklace Ye Xi School bought for his wife.
He must be Lady Ip.
I am the wife of Dung Thien.
You can call me Hyun-yeon.
What's going on?
I should remarry.
What are you standing there for?
Dad told us to go home for dinner.